Christopher R. Tompkins III's development – Alexa Skill Terms of Use
=====================================================================

This agreement is between you and Christopher R. Tompkins III (in this agreement, “Us” or “We”) and governs your use of the any Skills written by Christopher R. Tompkins III on Amazon’s Alexa service (“Alexa”) on any Alexa-enabled device (the “Skill”). This agreement applies in addition to any other policy contract or agreement that you may have with Us or which applies to you. It does not replace any other benefit contract or agreement you may have with Us or which applies to you.

Before using this Skill, please review these Terms of Use, as well as the Manulife Privacy Policy, available here. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use in their entirety, do not use the Skill.

1. __Privacy and Confidentiality:__ The Skill allows you to use your Alexa-enabled device to communicate with Manulife, by voice, regarding your Group Benefits account(s). To use the Skill, you will need to speak commands and questions aloud to your Alexa-enabled device, and you will receive responses from Us using your Alexa-enabled device. To use the Skill, you will be required to speak aloud your name and your personal identifying number to authenticate your account. Alexa does not use voice-recognition technology. Once you provide this information, you are authorizing Manulife to provide information to Alexa, and We will assume that any communication via Alexa regarding your account is authorized by you. It is possible that someone other than you may interact with Manulife via the Skill. Someone other than you may overhear the information that you provide to Alexa, and learn information about your accounts if they overhear Alexa communicating with you. It is possible that if your PIN is known to others that they may also access your account information on Alexa. It is also possible that Alexa (and the equipment) and/or Amazon will record your interactions with the Skill or with Alexa. Please review your agreements with Amazon to learn how Amazon uses the information that you provide to Alexa.
2. __Third party security:__ Depending on your device’s security settings, it may be possible for you to allow other users access to the Skill. By allowing other users to use the Skill, you assume all liability and responsibility for how the Skill and any information obtained from the Skill is accessed and used. We will not be liable for any unintended use of the Skill by users you have authorized to have access to Alexa and to the Skill.
3. __Accuracy:__ Alexa and your Alexa-enabled device were not designed or manufactured by Manulife. Alexa uses software that was not designed by Manulife and over which we have no control. It is possible that Alexa may not hear you properly, may misinterpret what you say, or may say something to you that is different than the information that We provided to Alexa in response to your question. By accepting this Agreement, you understand and agree that Manulife is not responsible for any inaccuracies or discrepancies in the information that you receive from Alexa or by using the Skill. If you have any concerns about the accuracy or completeness of any information you receive from Alexa, you can still access your benefits information through www.manulife.ca, through the Manulife Group Benefits App, or by calling us at 1-800-268-6195 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. EST Monday to Friday. In the case of any the information on our internal systems will prevail over any information provided through Alexa. Please refer to your benefits booklet for more information for full coverage and eligibility details.
4. __Pilot:__ This Skill is part of a pilot and it is possible that the Skill may not work correctly, or work at all. Manulife is not responsible for any technical errors or failure of Alexa or an Alexa-enabled device to work as expected. If you have any concerns about the accuracy or completeness of any information you receive from Alexa, you can still access your benefits information through www.manulife.ca, through the Manulife Group Benefits App, or by calling us at 1-800-268-6195 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. EST Monday to Friday. Alexa Skills are only available in English at this time.
5. __Requirements:__ to use the Skill, you must be (1) a Manulife customer; (2) over the age of 18; (3) a resident of Canada; and (4) and have an Alexa-enabled device, an internet connection, and an Amazon account. If you any of these requirements do not apply to you, do not use the Skill.
6. __Release of Information:__ by installing and using the Skill, you agree that Amazon may use your information to complete your request through Alexa, and you authorize Manulife to share with Amazon the information we require to complete your request. When you use the Skill, the information that you communicate to Alexa is shared with Amazon, and is then sent to Manulife. Manulife then sends the information which you have requested to Amazon, which is then communicated back to you with you through Alexa. Both Amazon and Manulife use the internet to communicate with one another. If you do not agree that Amazon may receive and use your information, do not use the Skill. Manulife’s use of your information is governed by Manulife’s Privacy Policy.
7. __Changes and Amendments:__ We may change or discontinue the Skill or any part of it, at any time, with no notice to you and at our sole discretion. If we update these Terms and Conditions, the updated Terms and Conditions will be available in the description of the skill in your Alexa App and your continued use of the Skill will be understood by us as your acceptance of the change.
8. __Termination:__ we may terminate your access to the Skill at any time and without notice if you fail to comply with any of these terms. We may also terminate your access to the Skill if the Skill is no longer available.
9. __DISCLAIMER:__ YOU ASSUME ALL RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE SKILL. ALL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE SKILL IS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY, AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ADVICE OF ANY KIND.
10. __Copyright and Intellectual Property:__ Unless otherwise specified, all information and descriptions provided via the Skill are the copyrighted property of Manulife and are protected by intellectual property laws. You may only use the information and descriptions contained in the Skill, without alteration, for personal, non-commercial purposes. All other uses are prohibited. Manulife and the Block Design are trademarks of The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company and are used by it, and its affiliates, under license.
11. __Jurisdiction:__ The information provided by Manulife through the Skill is not an offer to sell a product or service or to solicit you to buy a product or service. Your use of the Skill will be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario.
